ID OKT-QMSDDR-0000082-TE

COPYRIGHT
Copyright(C) OKTET Ltd. 2003

DDRAUTH
Elena Vengerova

RESPMGR
Elena Vengerova

DOCID
OKT-TMPL-0000083-TS

TITLE
Test Specification Template

PURPOSE
Document describing content and relationships between different parts
of test specification.

AUDIENCE
End users and TE project team-members

AUDIENCE
OKTET employees and customers
 
TMPL
OKT-TMPL-0000006

FMT
OpenOffice

ANNOTATION
It is assumed that test specification documents are generated automatically
by Doxygen tool from test sources and additional files. However in some 
cases it may be written manually. 

Test Specification Template provides both instructions for a person who 
wish to generate test specification automatically and recommendation for 
content of different parts. Person who wish to write specification manually 
may ignore first set of instructions. In this case resulting test 
specification should look as specification generated by Doxygen if
output format is a plain text.

It is assumed that test specification consists of:
* common descriptions for the test package and sub-packages;
* description of particular tests;
* Doxygen configuration file.

Common description should be written for each test package (main TP, its
childrens, grandchildrens and so on). The document should describe:
* format for input Doxygen file with common description;
* format of common description in test specification created manually;
* mandatory and optional sections which should appear in common description
  with recommendations and examples.
  
Description of particular tests usually will be located in source files
(for example, in header for C "main" function of the test). The document 
should describe:
* format for Doxygen comments at least for C "main" function of the test;
* format of test description in test specification created manually;
* mandatory and optional sections which should appear in test description
  with recommendations and examples.
  
Doxygen configuration file is not created when the specification is written
manually. It describes Test Package tree structure, names of Test Packages
and tests and short descriptions of Test Packages and tests 
(in the case of manualy created test specification names and short 
descriptions should appear in corresponding section headers). The document
should strictly describe syntax of the Doxygen configuration file.

SIZE
10-35 pages

DEADLINE
2003-02-10

AUTHOR
Andrew Rybchenko
